CASMNET-1637/CASMNET-1368 - Improve documentation for updating the `external-dns` IP address. (#1890)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: upgrade/1.2/scripts/sls/README.SLS_Upgrade.md

     **WARNING:** It is up to the user to compare pre-upgraded and post-upgraded SLS files for sanity. Specifically, in the
     case of preserving `external-dns` values, to prevent site-networking changes that might result in NCN IP addresses
     overlapping during the upgrade process. This requires network subnetting expertise and EXPERT mode below.

>      If the `external-dns` IP address is changed the `customizations.yaml` `site_to_system_lookups` value needs to be updated to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     If the `external-dns` IP address is changed, then the `customizations.yaml` `site_to_system_lookups` value must be updated to
```
